Knight's Chainmail

     This is a finely crafted high grade full suit of chainmail armor including the Helm, Torso, Arms, Legs, Gloves and Boots. The crafters mark shows the level of attention to detail not seen in many armors in the Dome.  With the thousands of individual rings meticulously crafted and woven together you can be assured this will last for decades of battle use.

     The Knight's line of armors are made for those of skill in the Dome and on occation are awarded those proving thier valor in battle. A rare few are given during special events.



    This is a bond of Authenticity and a letter of Assurance of ownership to the bearer.

Warrior's Chainmail

     This is a finely crafted high grade full suit of chainmail armor including the Helm, Torso, Arms, Legs, Gloves and Boots. The crafters mark shows the level of attention to detail not seen in many armors in the Dome.  With the thousands of individual rings meticulously crafted and woven together you can be assured this will last for decades of battle use.

     The warrior's line of armors are made for those of note in the Dome and on occation are given as rewards for deeds above and beyond,  some are given as drawings in special events.



     This is a note of Authenticity and Assurance of ownership to the bearer

Crested Chainmail

     This is a finely crafted high grade full suit of Crested chainmail armor including the Helm, Torso, Arms, Legs, Gloves and Boots. The crafters mark shows the level of attention to detail not seen in many armors in the Dome.   With the thousands of individual rings meticulously crafted and woven together you can be assured this will last for decades of battle use.

     The Crested line of armors are commissioned for those of wealth in the Dome and on rare exceptions presented to and individual that has done great deeds for all the Spiral.


     This is a Deed of Authenticity and provides Soverign rights to its ownership. All rights are undisputed in all the Spiral and none may take assunder.
     
Aegis of the Azure Sun

     Our world has generated many a tail of great strife and woe and the legends have grown to aid us in our time of need and joy. So when we speak of the Aegis it brings great hope and power to even the lowest in our ranks. The old have spoken of it with reverence and the young dream of it with pride, the warrior tells tails of its great strength. This is the tail of The Aegis of the Azure Sun.

     The great balance created the original suit of six swirling colors, one to match every known way of the arts. Legend never speaks a name of the first bearer nor of their race or profession. Some have come to believe the swirling colored chainmail armor was of its own right, alive! Some believe that there may have been six gods and that the armor was the focus of them all. Who can say anymore, our world has grown diverse and much of what we knew has passed into legend and much of our legends have passed into the Dark Realm. But there is one thing we do know. We know that some of that power remains and it stands clear in the mortal made versions of this armor. The original, it is said, could grant perfect immunity to all six forms of the way arts, and yet amplify each as it was needed by the wearer. The story goes that to merely gaze on the armor would cure any disease and neutralize any poison. And the mere touch would heal the gravest of wounds even bringing life back to one of an untimely death.

     We in our lives may only look upon the mortal created swirling visage of the Aegis with protection in its deep black shades and shadows like the Dark way and with the glint of fiery red sparks that leap from and return to the armor just like the Red Way. May we one day see the true gift granted by the balance of life itself. 

Anon

Dakkru's Guard

     There have been whispers and quiet murmurs of the angry and hateful Lord Dakkru. And yet even with the black of despair and death a gift was given, if even only in legends. Dakkru's Guard was that gift. Now believed lost, the rumors persist of a suit of chainmail of exquisite fashion and strength that had been given to the most loathsome of the Dark Way priests. For all of his pain, hate and destruction the priests name was never recorded but for his service to Dakkru this gift was bestowed. 

     The original was said to be a full set of chainmail, all 6 to complete the suit. The helm when dawned allowed no dark or shadow to enter the visor leaving instead a gleaming bright white light where the face and eyes were meant to be. The rest of the mail, being exquisite in its composition, allowed no shadow to touch the wearer and the legend says one could feel the cold hand of death looming ever near but never reaching the soul of the wearer.  As the legend claims the evil priest was warned by Dakkru himself to "never remove even a single piece of the armor or you shall be judged". So the priest lived for several years after first putting on the original armor, the priest in his folly grew lazy, and after a particularly fierce battle chose to remove his helm to wipe the sweat from his eyes. As soon as the helm left his shoulders, a gap was made and the hate, evil and destruction rushed in the priest’s body and devoured him whole. Dakkru tricked the priest, you see by separating himself from the decay of the Spiral the priest broke his oath with Dakkru and that is never a road you would want to travel.

     This is an incomplete copy of that armor. The original was said to allow a dark priest to live forever within the armor and have unbelievable power in the Dark Way arts, while this copy will only protect from some of the damage of that Dark Ways. 

Talad's Guard

     The quality and craftsmanship is readily apparent in this armor. With all six pieces donned you can feel the pychic cooling protection from the chaos around you. 

     There are legends and folk lore of the original set that was handed down to a great priest of Talad that provided complete immunity to the chaos in the Spiral. The stories also mention that the power of the red way flowed smoothly with amplified strength to and through the wearer of Talad's Guard.

     This full set is made in honor of the original with some protection from the Red Way. The skill in crafting this set is exceptional and yet is not the true gift that it could be. May, one day, we grow closer to that true gift and gain those skills to fully recreate Talad's Guard.

Anon
