A Magic Wand of Red Way appears out of nowhere in the middle of the road. It is guarded by a GM character named “Mysterious Fog”, “Purplish Mist”, or something like that (so players won’t be able to pick it up). The staff moves around a little, making players follow it. Impersonations like the following would engage players in the event:
/impersonate text A strange looking staff appears out of nowhere
/impersonate text The staff is surrounded by a weird cloud.
/impersonate text Suddenly it disappears.
/impersonate text –Bamf!- The staff appears again a few steps away from the group.

When a group forms around the staff a strange voice contacts them:
/impersonate “Voice coming from the staff” say Help us… You are our only hope
/impersonate “Voice coming from the staff” say We were trapped by evil wizards. We have waited for hundreds of years to escape.
The staff you see before you is an illusion we are able to cast… but it won’t last forever… Please help us…

When players accept the quest the voice explains that there are three wizards that must be vanquished so they can escape. They warn them that the evil wizards are powerful but much of their power is being used to keep them trapped so the players should be able to defeat them. They also promise a great reward for this. The voice finally tells them the wizards live close by to keep the spell strong and where to find these wizards:

“One dwells in a cave for the dead”

“One dwells in the city that fell”

“One is a shepherd of tefusangs in the wilds”

Players will have then to go to the burial well caves, the ruins and the tefusang valley. All these on bdroad1. When they meet the

wizards they will have to kill them. The wizards will not give them a chance to explain. They will just accuse them of being the rescuers of the prisoners and attack.

Once the wizards are dead, the staff will appear again. The voice will say that they will need one more thing from them before they can be free: the players need to lend them their strength to break the barrier. Players will have to concentrate then. Their energy will be drained and they will not be able to move (freeze). Then the staff will shatter and a character will appear. He will thank everyone for their assistance and introduce himself as the leader of the Exiled Necromancers, a group of wizards who was prosecuted years ago and convicted of several crimes under mortal law. They tried to sentence them to death but death has no secrets for them so they would always return. Only the wizards found a way to exile them and now they are free. The players won’t be able to fight them now.
