
------ Seria's Trial ------

Participants by role:
	- Accused + Defender?
	- Judge
	- Prosecution
	- Witnesses
	- Public servants
	- Public
	
Participants by name:
	- Seria + Defender?
	- Amidison (Taz)
	- Prosecutor (Nedes)
	- Suno, Kaerli, Eviera
	- Guard, scribe
	- Players
	
Chatlogs
Suno shouts: The crimes that I have witnessed committed on behalf of the new Imperial Warden are disgusting. Not only
has she caused, by my own eyes, the permanent death of a follower of Laanx, but she has also imprisoned and cut out
the tongue of Kaerli Stronwylle, the subjugated leader of the Rangers of Yliakum that I knew in Hydlaa during my prime,
that she wishes to give this house to as if to say that it is anymore separate from the growing, corrupt Empire!

Evirea eyes the audience, and then raises her voice. "I can attest that what Suno claimed of Kaerli Stronwylle is true.
She was captured by the Empire and held against her will. I looked for her upon hearing she was missing, and when
finally I found her, she informed me that she had been released only because she bowed to Seria. It was implied that she
would have been killed if she had not. Furthermore...according to Seria's claims, yes, she has been working to take out
the necromancer. But her methods are in question. She sent Lace there, and if I were to hazzard a guess, Kaerli, to act
as his slaves and spies. But we could all agree as to the lack of safety in this method. They could easily die. I doubt
she cares. Furthermore, she's been seen openly conspiring with a well known violent thug, Zerxzz, in a tavern. When
pressed, she insisted it was for orphanage charity."
Evirea shouts: "Lace's testimony is not to be bourne. The man is unright in the head. Recently kidnapped and taken,"
she raises her arm and points to Kisoji, "By this menki here, and dragged to the sewers, Seria was seen following them.
I questioned him about it. Seria claims to have been present, but Lace himself only testifies to the fact that a hooded
figure was there, and only watched as he was tortured."

Hangatyr turns at Rheos "Now get me straight here, first they wanted a concert hall, now a hospital as a donation to the
public, threatning the Royal House with war if they don't comply. Further it is not the Empire who speaks, but the
Tyndale clan, or isn't it?"


Plot
The setup is fairly simple, the prosecution (accusers) give evidence and testimony, they may call witnesses. Then it's
the turn of the defence, they have the chance yo refute or disprove any accusations and also offer any evidence, 
witnesses or alabies to exonorate themselfs. A judgement will then be made by an official figure (Amidison) and a 
sentence handed down if a conviction is recorded. If proven innocent then the defendant is released imm

TODO before
someone needs to speak to Seria and find out: If he/she is going to need a lawyer, Time/date, then we can book it and
get it out the way.
Sending summons out.

Timing
	Seria  - ?
	Suno   - ?
	Kaerli - ?
	Evirea - ?
	Taz    - ?
	Nedes  - Any night after 20:00 GMT preferably Saturday
	
WITNESS SUMMONS TO GIVE ORAL EVIDENCE
Case: TN026 – Octarchy versus Seria – Capital offense against our laws involving murder, kidnapping, torture.
To: Evirea, Kaerli, Suno
Command: You are commanded to attend personally at the time and place specified below to give evidence in the above 
	matter.
Time and place to appear: Hydlaa Court House, [2014.04.__ __:__ GMT]
Warning: If you do not obey this summons you may be arrested and also you may be imprisoned or fined or both [given you
	can and will log in during the trial but refuse to participate. No force will be used against you if you cannot
	log in to the game at the designated time].
Party requesting summons: Octarchy

